The Litterbox Trust was created with a clear mandate: increase alignment across the Jupiverse. 
The 3rd party entity receives 50% of Jupiter’s onchain revenues and then programmatically purchases $JUP on the open-market with the proceeds. 

This creates a direct linkage between the Jupiter products and the Jupiter tokens. 
Token holders are incentivized to use and promote Jupiter products, whose growth then benefits token holders. 

The original plan was to hold these tokens in the Litterbox Trust for a period of 2 years. 
However, token holders have repeatedly pointed out that the tokens in the Litterbox Trust create uncertainty around potential emissions and supply coming onto the market. 
This reduces overall confidence in the $JUP token, and may well reduce the likelihood of new entrants. 

In the spirit of being responsive to token holder requests, and under the belief that $JUP is a precious shared resource that we must collectively govern, 
the Jupiter DAO will now hold a vote to decide on how to proceed with the Litterbox. 

There are two questions to be answered independently:
- What should be done with the ~127m $JUP tokens in the Litterbox currently (~4% of the circulating supply)? 
- What should happen with the 50% of onchain revenues sent to the Litterbox in the future? 

Today, we will begin voting on the first question with a simple binary decision: should we burn the $JUP in the Litterbox, or not? 

To help make up your mind, here are some points from the community: 
- Bork: “As a $JUP buyer+holder since inception (didn’t receive an airdrop), I must say that we holders have already been rewarded quite well through things like the $HUMA presale, $WCT airdrop, ASR, LFG launchpad collaborations, and so on. 
That’s why I don’t agree with keeping part of the litterbox for additional holder incentives. I don’t think we should do things like extending ASR or have more Jupuaries anymore. What I propose instead is that we initially burn 100% of the litterbox, then set aside 25–30% for any future marketing or other type of initiatives, and continuously burn the remaining portion.

- Jdwalker: “Bottom line up front: Yes Burn! Without a doubt the Jupiter products and vision are top shelf in the Solana ecosystem. 
However, alignment of the JUP token has continued to be a significant concern amongst invested stakers.”

- Soham Agarwal: As a long-time $JUP holder + staking partner, I fully support this direction. Burn the current Litterbox $JUP holdings — clean reset…”

- Kais: “Great news, its time to vote and BURN $JUP 🔥”

- Smick: “IMO burning tokens which are a supply to drive further growth in the protocol and other aligned initiatives really doesn’t make sense to me. 
Would rather use these in a measured and strategic way to either reward token holders or push further product offerings.”

Find the full discussion on discuss.jup.ag.
The choice is yours! As always, we’ll enable live voter feedback publicly so that your voice can be heard in addition to your vote. 

A Note About ASR:
We haven’t finalized exactly how ASR will work in Q4. At minimum, there will be bonuses for those who vote consistently. 
We encourage all $JUP stakers to make their opinion known in order to maximize the amount of ASR they receive at the end of the quarter. 
